Update webpacker guides after version upgrade [ci-skip] (#43152)
rails/rails: guides/source/webpacker.md

NOTE: Webpacker depends on NPM and Yarn. NPM, the Node package manager registry, is the primary repository for publishing and downloading open-source JavaScript projects, both for Node.js and browser runtimes. It is analogous to rubygems.org for Ruby gems. Yarn is a command-line utility that enables the installation and management of JavaScript dependencies, much like Bundler does for Ruby.

> Webpacker is installed with a new project by adding `--webpack` to the `rails new` command. Webpacker can be added in an existing project by running `bin/rails webpacker:install`. This installation command creates the following local files:

Reviewer: Since the [`webpacker:install`](https://github.com/rails/webpacker/blob/v6.0.0.rc.5/lib/tasks/webpacker/install.rake) task is not part of Rails by default, I wanted to clarify these instructions.  What do you think about the following rewording?

```suggestion
To include Webpacker in a new project, add `--webpack` to the `rails new` command. To add Webpacker to an existing project, add the `webpacker` gem to the project's `Gemfile`, run `bundle install`, and then run `bin/rails webpacker:install`.

Installing Webpacker creates the following local files:
```
